:sparkles: #2010: Modified images and text according to new Code dropdown changes (#2013)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/administration/web/_index.md

> The URLs pull-down exposes the domains that can be used to access application environments from the web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URLs drop-down exposes the domains that can be used to access application environments from the web.
```

Any other examples should in theory be changed, too. I just noticed this in passing. Not a big deal, since we have so much other inconsistent wording across the docs, but I can't not mention it. :speak_no_evil:

#### SSH

> The SSH pull-down displays the commands to access your project using SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SSH drop-down displays the commands to access your project using SSH.
```

#### Code

> CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### CLI
```

> The CLI pull-down displays the commands to get your project set up locally with the Platform.sh CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **CLI** tab displays the command to get your project set up locally with the Platform.sh CLI.
```

It's no longer a drop-down menu.

> GIT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### GIT
```

> The "Git" pull-down displays the commands to use to clone the codebase via Git. If you are using Platform.sh as your primary remote repository, the command shown will clone from the project. Otherwise if you have set up an [external integration](/integrations/source/_index.md), the command will clone directly from the integrated remote repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Git** tab displays the command to clone the codebase via Git.
If you're using Platform.sh as your primary remote repository, the command clones from the project.
If you have set up an [external integration](/integrations/source/_index.md), the command clones directly from the integrated remote repository.
```
